So who is it…
that you are protecting?
UNIVERSITY SPORTS COMPLEX
Ya.
Why didn't you answer the phone?
No reply on LINE,
no updates on Facebook or Instagram.
I deactivated them all.
Social media detox.
I'm worried about you, Ya.
Don't worry, Lin.
I just want to lay low for a while.
I'll contact you when I feel better.
I have to go.
Aya.
You won't believe
what I'm about to tell you.
But there is one thing
I'd like to warn you about.
Well…
Praewa practices black magic.
She got it from her adoptive mom.
She came back to get her revenge.
Do people still practice black magic
in this day and age?
Right.
That sounds like a fantasy.
I understand that this sounds ridiculous.
But I just want you guys to be careful.
You don't have to believe me now.
I just wanted to tell you.
And I don't know who's going to be next.
Myself,
Lilin,
Aya,
or you.
You should stick together for now.
Don't ever split up.
Okay,
I have to go.
I promise I'll be all right.
Okay,
I believe you.
Take care of her, Brave.
Yes.
See you later.
What's wrong?
Are you worried about what Dan said?
Do you remember the dark shadow
that I saw before Ping died?
Of course.
Do you think Praewa was behind it?
Is she really going to kill us?
Ya.
Don't worry.
It was all an accident.
What are we going to do if it's true?
Why didn't she come after us first?
Are you afraid of her?
Like you aren't?
Mom said low-level black magic
can't harm me.
Where did you get that?
Mom got it from a monk.
She is worried, so she made me wear this.
Shit!
What the fuck?
What was that?
I don't know.
-Ya.
-What?
I'll go check it out.
Hey!
Don't go.
It's all right.
Aya.
Shit!
Ya?
Ya!
Good morning, Aya.
Did you sleep well?
Brave.
Brave!
What the fuck are you doing?
What am I doing?
Let me go!
Let me and Brave go now.
What the fuck are you doing, Praewa?
My dad will come after you, Praewa.
Daddy this, Daddy that.
I really want to know…
For a fuckhead like you…
if your dad drops dead,
is your life
going to turn into absolute shit?
Trash like you can't talk to us like that.
Then who can?
What kind of people can?
People who think highly
of themselves like you?
Aya.
If you think you are so much better,
I'll be you, then.
How about that?
Trash like you,
do you think you can be me?
Be you…
and steal your boyfriend.
As if someone like me…
would want a guy like him.
I'm not stupid like you.
Fucking idiot!
You bitch!
Did you just call me a bitch?
Why don't we play a game?
Between myself
and you two…
Who's the shittiest one?
I'm not playing.
Why not?
If you don't….
What the fuck are you doing?
Do you know this bitch?
This bitch,
do you know her true colors?
Do you?
Do you think she's a good person?
Is she a good person?
She is good to me
and everyone else
except to a bitch like you.
And yourself?
What did I ever do to you?
Is she the only one you're banging?
What do you want?
Are you afraid of the truth, Aya?
Don't be afraid.
Don't be.
I only have Ya.
And that shitty clip.
And you!
You…
You killed Ping.
You killed her.
I didn't.
-I said I didn't!
-You killed her!
I said I didn't!
It was all around Ping.
It was terrifying, Officer.
It killed Ping.
Was it you?
Correct!
Correct.
Good job, Aya.
Good job.
And you?
Next question.
I already answered.
But I want to ask again.
You like fucking women
and filming clips, don't you?
Then you'd share them with Nat.
You sent them to Nat, right?
Answer me.
Look at her face.
Look at her face and answer!
What?
Damn.
How did you do it?
I don't know.
But it was pretty easy.
Wow.
I salute you.
Grand master.
Give me a review.
How is this one?
Ten for the body.
But as for the performance,
she's got a lot to learn.
Anyway, I want to give her another lesson.
Damn.
I have to give it to you this time.
Next time, it'll be my turn.
Bring it on.
I sent it to you.
Aya, gosh.
That's not even the worst of it.
You know?
He's even worse than you might think.
In those clips,
you are in them as well.
Your boyfriend
fucked you
and showed the clips to Nat.
Is this the guy
you are so possessive of?
Enough! I said enough!
Is this the man you love?
He can't even respect his girlfriend.
If he's not a piece of shit, then what is?
I said enough!
Now tell me.
Who is the girl in that clip?
It's you.
Do you still think it's me?
Why are you protecting that bitch?
Just say it!
I see.
Are you afraid
that you might die like Nat?
You're afraid of a death potion?
What do you mean?
What death potion?
What the fuck are you doing now?
Praewa, what are you doing?
Taking out that shitty black magic
he got himself in.
Now,
tell me the truth!
Bitch, let me go!
Brave.
You should confess, Brave.
Now this is what you deserve.
Rodtang.
What the fuck are you going to do?
Brave.
The amulet you have on your neck
can protect you from black magic.
But it can't protect you from dog bites.
Brave!
Now, can you stop being an idiot?
Why?
Why are you doing this to me?
Because nobody loves you, Aya.
You are not the one they love or protect.
Everybody is just using your stupidity
to protect themselves.
You're a fucking devil.
What are you really?
Didn't you make me what I am?
-Hello ma'am.
-Hello.
Lin, thanks for coming.
Where is Aya?
She's upstairs.
What happened?
I don't know.
When she came back last night,
she kept crying for Brave.
When I asked what happened,
she wouldn't tell me anything.
Let's get inside.
You shameless bitch, get out!
Ya!
-Aya!
-Ya!
Aya, what's wrong?
Aya, calm down.
Leave me alone!
I hate you.
Calm down, Aya.
Calm down?
I know the truth, you shitty friend.
I trusted you.
I trusted you the most, Lilin.
How could you lie to my face?
I can explain, Aya.
Explain what?
Stop pretending.
Just stop it.
Brave died because of you.
What?
Brave is dead.
Why did you guys do this to me?
How could you?
Praewa is going to kill you next.
Brave died because of you.
-Ya.
-Aya.
Aya, calm down.
Calm down, honey.
Aya.
You won't get away with this, Lin.
You won't!
It's all right, Lin.
Let's wait until she calms down.
Then we can explain it to her.
If we hadn't been drunk that night,
none of this would have happened.
Don't think too much.
Nobody wanted any of this to happen.
And you are the victim.
I'm the cause of all of this.
But I can't help anyone.
Dan.
Now...
I only have you left.
You won't tell anyone about this, right?
Yes.
Trust me, Lin.
I'll do anything for you.
Brave, you bastard!
Dan, stop!
Dan, stop. I said stop.
-Dan.
-What's wrong with you?
Ask yourself. What the fuck did you do?
I don't know.
We were both drunk, okay?
You said you don't know?
Dan, stop.
I'm sorry.
Don't worry.
I'll do my best to help.
Don't cry, Lilin.
From now on, you will no longer
be the girl in the clip.
I will write a statement
explaining that the people in the clip
are Brave and…
Praewa.
I agree.
Dan.
Praewa is already being accused
of stealing Brave from Aya.
When the rumor comes out,
the woman will take a harder hit.
And it's not clear
who the woman in the clip is.
We can pin it on someone else.
Do you think people would believe that?
Don't you think that Praewa
already has a bad reputation?
Whatever she says,
nobody would take her side.
But…
Let's just say that…
you two will do as I have planned.
Yes.
Dan.
Have you ever heard
of…
a death potion?
What do you mean?
Can you do it for me?
Can you make sure that
nobody talks about it again?
Please, Dan?
Okay.
If it makes you feel better.
Hey, young man.
I'm here for Master Khuek.
What should we do, Dan?
It's like there's nothing we can do.
Praewa will try to use black magic
on us anyway.
If we can't run,
then we must fight.
But she has all these powers.
How can we fight her?
Long time no see.
I need help from you, Master.
Is it about the death potion?
Once you get into this cycle,
it's hard to get out.
The black magic you are fighting right now
is getting weaker.
What does that mean?
What can I do?
She has strong powers,
but only half of them.
The more she uses black magic,
the more it consumes her body and soul.
You must deal with her now
before she gains full powers.
Find her personal belongings and photos.
Bring them to me before the dark moon.
On that day,
her powers will be the strongest.
Okay.
Ya, sweetie.
Eat something and take your medicine.
Ya.
Why are you here?
Can I take a look at Khaimook's camera?
Did her parents take it?
Her mom will arrive tomorrow.
What do you want to do with it?
Khaimook is dead.
What else do you need from her?
I'm trying to help everyone.
Trust me, Jiewliew.
I just need her camera.
Luang Por,
what do I have to do?
Your daughter
is being controlled by black magic.
Black magic can only be defeated
by a heart that's pure.
Leave her here to observe precepts.
The Triple Gem
will protect and cure her soul.
If her soul remains in this state,
it makes her more vulnerable
to black magic.
Please help my daughter.
Very good. I'll take it from here.
You should hurry and find your friend.
It seems she is doomed.
It's dangerous.
Hey, young man.
Keep this with you.
I cast a spell on it.
If you need to kill,
use this magic knife.
Aya!
Aya?
Where are you, sweetie?
-Aya?
Aya, where are you?
Aya?
-Aya?
-She's not here.
Aya, where are you? Aya?
-Aya?
-Lin.
Where is Aya?
She disappeared.
Subtitle translation by
Thanatcha Saksiamkul